README.md, before:

## About
The UT Robot Learning Reading Group meets to discuss the latest papers in robot learning. We follow the latest papers in robotics and embodied AI, spanning computer vision, reinforcement learning, neuro-symbolic AI, foundation models, and control. We survey papers from a broad set of conferences, including (but not limited to) CoRL, RSS, and CVPR.

This semester (Fall '23), the reading group will focus on the intersection of Robot Learning and Foundation Models. We will discuss one paper every two weeks, preparing 30-minute presentations with 30 minutes of Q&A, and optional discussion time (30 minutes). 

The reading group is co-ordinated by,
- Fall'23  -  Present: [Rutav Shah](https://shahrutav.github.io) [[RPL](https://rpl.cs.utexas.edu/) Lab] and Sarah Etter [[AMRL](https://amrl.cs.utexas.edu) Lab].
- Fall'22 - Spring'23: [Rutav Shah](https://shahrutav.github.io) and [Soroush Nasiriany](https://snasiriany.me) [[RPL](https://rpl.cs.utexas.edu/) Lab].
- Fall'21 - Spring'22: [Soroush Nasiriany](https://snasiriany.me) [[RPL](https://rpl.cs.utexas.edu/) Lab].

### Want to join us?

Please subscribe to the [emailing list](https://utlists.utexas.edu/sympa/info/robotlearningrg). If you have trouble joining it, please reach out to Rutav Shah (rutavms@utexas.edu) or Sarah Etter (etter@utexas.edu).

### Upcoming Reading Group

- Presenter: Arthur Zhang
- Paper: [GNM: A General Navigation Model to Drive Any Robot](https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.03370)
- Date : **09/25**  
- Venue: **GDC 4.304**
- Time: **4:00 to 5:30pm**
- Zoom: Shared via Email.

<!-- ### Quick Links

- [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/utrobotlearni-tkj9668/shared_invite/zt-22fn4xq3r-_AWCeeFn1gJO6m1R10IlIw)
- [Join Emailing List](https://utlists.utexas.edu/sympa/info/robotlearningrg) -->

<!-- ## Logistics (Fall 2022) -->
<!-- This semester we are hosting long-form tutorial-style sessions on various topics. -->

<!-- **Attendance is currently closed to the public, but we publicly share all presentation materials on this webpage.** -->

<!-- This group is accessible to all UT Austin students. -->

<!-- ## Logistics
Each week, we meet for one hour on Zoom to discuss one paper in depth.
One student will lead each meeting with a presentation on the paper.

We follow the latest papers in robotics and embodied AI, spanning topics such as computer vision, reinforcement learning, neuro-symbolic AI, and control.
We survey papers from a broad set of conferences, including (but not limited to)
[CoRL](https://www.robot-learning.org/), [RSS](https://roboticsconference.org/), and [CVPR](http://cvpr2020.thecvf.com/).

## How to Join
This group is currently maintained by [Soroush Nasiriany](http://snasiriany.me/).
**If you are interested in joining the reading group:**
please contact him at *{his_first_name}@cs.utexas.edu* to be added to the internal mailing list. -->

## Reading list

### Fall 2023

``[2023.09.11]``  
**VoxPoser: Composable 3D Value Maps for Robotic Manipulation with Language Models**  
Presenter: Albert Yu  
[[Slides]](https://utexas.box.com/s/r492ykq1vs7clzi3gb29yjk3bponyqfe)

### Spring 2023

``[2023.04.21]``  
**Diffusion Policy: Visuomotor Policy Learning via Action Diffusion**  
Presenter: Mingyo Seo  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1DtvMJ_K9SBwRhhiG856ryWh4gd6kDdhm/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=110774428209700992721&rtpof=true&sd=true)

``[2023.03.24]``  
**RT-1: Robotics Transformer for Real-World Control at Scale**  
Presenter: Rutav Shah  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1LuUA_GY8S0cpPssHTVa5gOW4zQ0T7Wkj/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=110774428209700992721&rtpof=true&sd=true)

``[2023.03.02]``  
**Behavior Transformers: Cloning $k$ modes with one stone**  
Presenter: Soroush Nasiriany  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1pgdpE5J9Z1w380XNR-hc0Vhe6lQ5EcqK/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=110774428209700992721&rtpof=true&sd=true)

``[2023.02.11]``  
**Synthesizing Physical Character-Scene Interactions**  
Presenter: Hanwen Jiang  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bSESYXYSSzyN1G6PqoeaP6O-aIUrxdIk/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=110774428209700992721&rtpof=true&sd=true)

### Fall 2022

``[2022.12.09]``  
**Runtime Monitoring for Safe Learning and Deployment**  
Presenter: Huihan Liu  
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DHwtxvkavTHpcMtUnuVf4TdAtUkUAuAx/view?usp=share_link)

``[2022.11.18]``  
**Diffusion Models**  
Presenter: Zhenyu Jiang  
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YnUMQV3jLvfaf8w6g62zlWwO08dHd66c/view?usp=share_link)

``[2022.10.21]``  
**Survey of Goal-Conditioned and Upside-Down RL**  
Presenter: Jake Grigsby  
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sPPmfUxKpVDsC0_Hk6Fdy4YXD1mz5fmY/view?usp=share_link)

``[2022.09.30]``  
**Recent Advances in Visual Language Models**  
Presenter: Yue Zhao  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1N_IPqjIO50StQlJU6DEMiRTnk_FdDHiVhzjI2YKDDSM/edit?usp=sharing)  

``[2022.09.09]``  
**Domain Adaptation and Robot Learning**  
Presenter: Rutav Shah  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1GVvJr9U5xJozyfkioXg1iOqrYYNQAbOvcQus0bC-wko/edit?usp=sharing)  

### Spring 2022
``[2022.04.08]``  
**Foundation Models for Robotics**  
Presenter: Soroush Nasiriany  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1v2MwJ70KN2Hdsh7S3F414T_AUkrntzkW/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=112325389102986733865&rtpof=true&sd=true)

``[2022.03.31]``  
**Legged Locomotion**  
Presenter: Mingyo Seo  
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/11hoY0_unBAuytUOex7_u9Mil3SN8ysp-/view?usp=sharing)

``[2022.03.10]``  
**Transformers**  
Presenter: Yifeng Zhu  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/157I4BlBWhXDrdSJ5I-f_W6adGYDiz6B_/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=112325389102986733865&rtpof=true&sd=true)

``[2022.02.17]``  
**Hand-Object Interaction**  
Presenter: Hanwen Jiang  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/17MELY2tRxyywTXekUBrheOLl8vRz1HNCKtzD4wPxyXY/edit?usp=sharing)

### Fall 2021
``[2021.12.01]``  
**Autonomous Driving**  
Presenter: Jerry Lin  
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hRibIxnx1Aas9pBm26V6XT73QRj0bZOd/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.11.03]``  
**Offline Reinforcement Learning for Robotics**  
Presenter: Soroush Nasiriany  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1onctBqmw7QL02RdS03jG3hR_V8j81D2L/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=112325389102986733865&rtpof=true&sd=true)

``[2021.10.13]``  
**Human-in-the-Loop Robot Learning**  
Presenter: Huihan Liu  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1WRd5I0WFED65TbswsFOdKPuEUwJsYvHx/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=112325389102986733865&rtpof=true&sd=true)

``[2021.09.17]``  
**Implicit Neural Representations**  
Presenter: Zhenyu Jiang  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1EWfQQrLi4uHaWhTD2dSuHGTVotiNL3sT/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=112325389102986733865&rtpof=true&sd=true)

### Spring 2021
``[2021.05.06]``  
**Robustness via Cross-Domain Ensembles**  
Teresa Yeo\*, Oğuzhan Fatih Kar\*, Amir Zamir  
arXiv 2021  
Presenter: Jeffrey Zhang  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.10919)
[[Project]](https://crossdomain-ensembles.epfl.ch/)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XXjQtAUUXu7EhL88fOMLgz6-YcEb-Pux/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.04.29]``  
**Robust Policies via Mid-Level Visual Representations: An Experimental Study in Manipulation and Navigation**  
Bryan Chen\*, Alexander Sax\*, Gene Lewis, Iro Armeni, Silvio Savarese, Amir Zamir, Jitendra Malik, Lerrel Pinto  
CoRL 2020  
Presenter: Soroush Nasiriany  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2011.06698)
[[Project]](http://midlevel.berkeley.edu/)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Yob8fzXoNC-TKDoJlUj7nPbJn742kGBA/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.04.22]``  
**Learning Generalizable Robotic Reward Functions from "In-The-Wild" Human Videos**  
Annie S. Chen, Suraj Nair, Chelsea Finn  
arXiv 2021  
Presenter: Sagnik Majumder  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.16817)
[[Project]](https://sites.google.com/view/dvd-human-videos)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1a-5JR_ZFTno6D3w1PYr48vmvCHngyiCK/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.04.15]``  
**3D Shape Reconstruction from Vision and Touch**  
Edward J. Smith, Roberto Calandra, Adriana Romero, Georgia Gkioxari, David Meger, Jitendra Malik, Michal Drozdzal  
NeurIPS 2020  
Presenter: Priyanka Mandikal  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.03778)
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1vvHX_D_NT6NSNwcdskG9uVBejZjn-o4YmNh1b5zpjEg/edit?usp=sharing)

``[2021.04.08]``  
**Unsupervised Monocular Depth Learning in Dynamic Scenes**  
Hanhan Li, Ariel Gordon, Hang Zhao, Vincent Casser, Anelia Angelova  
CoRL 2020  
Presenter: Amanda Adkins  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.16404)
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1svVEFZ2STZvZjcFR4ncD6Rxa-jDiDW2ADUugUPvWAd4/edit)

``[2021.04.01]``  
**Replacing Rewards with Examples: Example-Based Policy Search via Recursive Classification**  
Benjamin Eysenbach, Sergey Levine, Ruslan Salakhutdinov  
arXiv 2021  
Presenter: Dian Chen  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.12656)
[[Project]](https://ben-eysenbach.github.io/rce/)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jCK0TEy2K27SHDQcRupw9c9LijGjOqFt/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.03.25]``  
**Point Transformer**  
Hengshuang Zhao, Li Jiang, Jiaya Jia, Philip Torr, Vladlen Koltun  
arXiv 2020  
Presenter: Zhenyu Jiang  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2012.09164)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FwjiJc7KJUo1g2w46kApfFV5mTUly4Bv/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.03.11]``  
**Stein Variational Model Predictive Control**  
Alexander Lambert, Adam Fishman, Dieter Fox, Byron Boots, Fabio Ramos  
CoRL 2020  
Presenter: Mingyo Seo  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2011.07641)
[[Video]](https://youtu.be/kGDO2e_qiyI)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1s0kmxV7mPiYwdV4XaAF64V77kcCoV0P2/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.03.04]``  
**Semantic Visual Navigation by Watching YouTube Videos**  
Matthew Chang, Arjun Gupta, Saurabh Gupta   
NeurIPS 2020  
Presenter: Jerry Lin  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.10034)
[[Project]](https://matthewchang.github.io/value-learning-from-videos/)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1CKz3bWsx3_zziH8lYVMBJ6D6nqGscKeo/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.02.25]``  
**Parrot: Data-Driven Behavioral Priors for Reinforcement Learning**  
Avi Singh\*, Huihan Liu\*, Gaoyue Zhou, Albert Yu, Nicholas Rhinehart, Sergey Levine   
ICLR 2021  
Presenter: Mohan Kumar Sriram  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2011.10024)
[[Project]](https://sites.google.com/view/parrot-rl)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1kw-GVTWV0pg5WEtfE6KPkUn7zttHnNMB/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.02.11]``  
**Constructing Symbolic Representations for High-Level Planning**  
George Konidaris, Leslie Pack Kaelbling, Tomás Lozano-Pérez   
AAAI 2014  
Presenter: Yifeng Zhu  
[[Paper]](https://users.cs.duke.edu/~gdk/pubs/orig_sym_aaai.pdf)
[[Video]](https://youtu.be/lY4PKBqp9ZM)
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1r9_izCVJbCKBS1a8MHetweFH0FfWED3MTLn7UY2Lz0M/edit?usp=sharing)

``[2021.02.04]``  
**Where2Act: From Pixels to Actions for Articulated 3D Objects**  
Kaichun Mo, Leonidas Guibas, Mustafa Mukadam, Abhinav Gupta, Shubham Tulsiani   
arXiv 2021  
Presenter: Zhenyu Jiang  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.02692)
[[Project]](https://cs.stanford.edu/~kaichun/where2act/)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1AEaS24hwPnYxfiVqHQRv1TbYyg_qTo7G/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.01.28]``  
**RL-CycleGAN: Reinforcement Learning Aware Simulation-To-Real**  
Kanishka Rao, Chris Harris, Alex Irpan, Sergey Levine, Julian Ibarz, Mohi Khansari  
CVPR 2020  
Presenter: Soroush Nasiriany  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.09001)
[[Video]](https://youtu.be/uL9ni2tpZnU)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1UcYf10ZUYRvAYA7wAUXawpuU96iyA-ap/view?usp=sharing)

### Fall 2020
``[2020.12.03]``  
**NeRF: Representing Scenes as Neural Radiance Fields for View Synthesis**  
Ben Mildenhall\*, Pratul P. Srinivasan\*, Matthew Tancik\*, Jonathan T. Barron, Ravi Ramamoorthi, Ren Ng  
ECCV 2020  
Presenter: Zhenyu Jiang  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.08934)
[[Project]](https://www.matthewtancik.com/nerf)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ozPVbhBSsMhFq6_9-oDf_njmp1m0JKvt/view?usp=sharing)

``[2020.11.19]``  
**Learning Invariant Representations for Reinforcement Learning without Reconstruction**  
Amy Zhang\*, Rowan McAllister\*, Roberto Calandra, Yarin Gal, Sergey Levine  
ICLR 2021  
Presenter: Jerry Lin  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.10742)
[[Project]](https://sites.google.com/view/deepbisim4control)

``[2020.11.12]``  
**Accelerating Reinforcement Learning with Learned Skill Priors**  
Karl Pertsch, Youngwoon Lee, Joseph J. Lim  
CoRL 2020  
Presenter: Soroush Nasiriany  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.11944)
[[Project]](https://clvrai.github.io/spirl/)
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lsEa7M3EWZBh0RLZkEFCCdlyx281NHRSjNys37qB7PM/edit?usp=sharing)

``[2020.11.05]``  
**Learning an Optimal Sampling Distribution for Efficient Motion Planning**  
Richard Cheng, Krishna Shankar, Joel W. Burdick  
IROS 2020  
Presenter: Mingyo Seo  
[[Paper]](http://ras.papercept.net/images/temp/IROS/files/1807.pdf)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FUtA_GM6vTdnqZfEwHkqTwoMmnITp-iP/view?usp=sharing)

Commit message:

Include tentative reading schedule in README.md

README.md, after:

## About
The UT Robot Learning Reading Group meets to discuss the latest papers in robot learning. We follow the latest papers in robotics and embodied AI, spanning computer vision, reinforcement learning, neuro-symbolic AI, foundation models, and control. We survey papers from a broad set of conferences, including (but not limited to) CoRL, RSS, and CVPR.

This semester (Fall '23), the reading group will focus on the intersection of Robot Learning and Foundation Models. We will discuss one paper every two weeks, preparing 30-minute presentations with 30 minutes of Q&A, and optional discussion time (30 minutes). 

The reading group is co-ordinated by,
- Fall'23  -  Present: [Rutav Shah](https://shahrutav.github.io) [[RPL](https://rpl.cs.utexas.edu/) Lab] and Sarah Etter [[AMRL](https://amrl.cs.utexas.edu) Lab].
- Fall'22 - Spring'23: [Rutav Shah](https://shahrutav.github.io) and [Soroush Nasiriany](https://snasiriany.me) [[RPL](https://rpl.cs.utexas.edu/) Lab].
- Fall'21 - Spring'22: [Soroush Nasiriany](https://snasiriany.me) [[RPL](https://rpl.cs.utexas.edu/) Lab].

### Want to join us?

Please subscribe to the [emailing list](https://utlists.utexas.edu/sympa/info/robotlearningrg). If you have trouble joining it, please reach out to Rutav Shah (rutavms@utexas.edu) or Sarah Etter (etter@utexas.edu).

### Upcoming Reading Group

- Presenter: Arthur Zhang
- Paper: [GNM: A General Navigation Model to Drive Any Robot](https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.03370)
- Date : **09/25**  
- Venue: **GDC 4.304**
- Time: **4:00 to 5:30pm**
- Zoom: Shared via Email.

You can view this [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/15APTTnSzu8Ndn0eeb4vNp4ROvQS5sPb4oJeiQcnzBUI/edit#gid=0) for a *tentative* schedule of future reading group sessions.

<!-- ### Quick Links

- [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/utrobotlearni-tkj9668/shared_invite/zt-22fn4xq3r-_AWCeeFn1gJO6m1R10IlIw)
- [Join Emailing List](https://utlists.utexas.edu/sympa/info/robotlearningrg) -->

<!-- ## Logistics (Fall 2022) -->
<!-- This semester we are hosting long-form tutorial-style sessions on various topics. -->

<!-- **Attendance is currently closed to the public, but we publicly share all presentation materials on this webpage.** -->

<!-- This group is accessible to all UT Austin students. -->

<!-- ## Logistics
Each week, we meet for one hour on Zoom to discuss one paper in depth.
One student will lead each meeting with a presentation on the paper.

We follow the latest papers in robotics and embodied AI, spanning topics such as computer vision, reinforcement learning, neuro-symbolic AI, and control.
We survey papers from a broad set of conferences, including (but not limited to)
[CoRL](https://www.robot-learning.org/), [RSS](https://roboticsconference.org/), and [CVPR](http://cvpr2020.thecvf.com/).

## How to Join
This group is currently maintained by [Soroush Nasiriany](http://snasiriany.me/).
**If you are interested in joining the reading group:**
please contact him at *{his_first_name}@cs.utexas.edu* to be added to the internal mailing list. -->

## Reading list

### Fall 2023

``[2023.09.11]``  
**VoxPoser: Composable 3D Value Maps for Robotic Manipulation with Language Models**  
Presenter: Albert Yu  
[[Slides]](https://utexas.box.com/s/r492ykq1vs7clzi3gb29yjk3bponyqfe)

### Spring 2023

``[2023.04.21]``  
**Diffusion Policy: Visuomotor Policy Learning via Action Diffusion**  
Presenter: Mingyo Seo  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1DtvMJ_K9SBwRhhiG856ryWh4gd6kDdhm/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=110774428209700992721&rtpof=true&sd=true)

``[2023.03.24]``  
**RT-1: Robotics Transformer for Real-World Control at Scale**  
Presenter: Rutav Shah  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1LuUA_GY8S0cpPssHTVa5gOW4zQ0T7Wkj/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=110774428209700992721&rtpof=true&sd=true)

``[2023.03.02]``  
**Behavior Transformers: Cloning $k$ modes with one stone**  
Presenter: Soroush Nasiriany  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1pgdpE5J9Z1w380XNR-hc0Vhe6lQ5EcqK/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=110774428209700992721&rtpof=true&sd=true)

``[2023.02.11]``  
**Synthesizing Physical Character-Scene Interactions**  
Presenter: Hanwen Jiang  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bSESYXYSSzyN1G6PqoeaP6O-aIUrxdIk/edit?usp=share_link&ouid=110774428209700992721&rtpof=true&sd=true)

### Fall 2022

``[2022.12.09]``  
**Runtime Monitoring for Safe Learning and Deployment**  
Presenter: Huihan Liu  
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DHwtxvkavTHpcMtUnuVf4TdAtUkUAuAx/view?usp=share_link)

``[2022.11.18]``  
**Diffusion Models**  
Presenter: Zhenyu Jiang  
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YnUMQV3jLvfaf8w6g62zlWwO08dHd66c/view?usp=share_link)

``[2022.10.21]``  
**Survey of Goal-Conditioned and Upside-Down RL**  
Presenter: Jake Grigsby  
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sPPmfUxKpVDsC0_Hk6Fdy4YXD1mz5fmY/view?usp=share_link)

``[2022.09.30]``  
**Recent Advances in Visual Language Models**  
Presenter: Yue Zhao  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1N_IPqjIO50StQlJU6DEMiRTnk_FdDHiVhzjI2YKDDSM/edit?usp=sharing)  

``[2022.09.09]``  
**Domain Adaptation and Robot Learning**  
Presenter: Rutav Shah  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1GVvJr9U5xJozyfkioXg1iOqrYYNQAbOvcQus0bC-wko/edit?usp=sharing)  

### Spring 2022
``[2022.04.08]``  
**Foundation Models for Robotics**  
Presenter: Soroush Nasiriany  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1v2MwJ70KN2Hdsh7S3F414T_AUkrntzkW/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=112325389102986733865&rtpof=true&sd=true)

``[2022.03.31]``  
**Legged Locomotion**  
Presenter: Mingyo Seo  
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/11hoY0_unBAuytUOex7_u9Mil3SN8ysp-/view?usp=sharing)

``[2022.03.10]``  
**Transformers**  
Presenter: Yifeng Zhu  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/157I4BlBWhXDrdSJ5I-f_W6adGYDiz6B_/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=112325389102986733865&rtpof=true&sd=true)

``[2022.02.17]``  
**Hand-Object Interaction**  
Presenter: Hanwen Jiang  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/17MELY2tRxyywTXekUBrheOLl8vRz1HNCKtzD4wPxyXY/edit?usp=sharing)

### Fall 2021
``[2021.12.01]``  
**Autonomous Driving**  
Presenter: Jerry Lin  
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hRibIxnx1Aas9pBm26V6XT73QRj0bZOd/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.11.03]``  
**Offline Reinforcement Learning for Robotics**  
Presenter: Soroush Nasiriany  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1onctBqmw7QL02RdS03jG3hR_V8j81D2L/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=112325389102986733865&rtpof=true&sd=true)

``[2021.10.13]``  
**Human-in-the-Loop Robot Learning**  
Presenter: Huihan Liu  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1WRd5I0WFED65TbswsFOdKPuEUwJsYvHx/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=112325389102986733865&rtpof=true&sd=true)

``[2021.09.17]``  
**Implicit Neural Representations**  
Presenter: Zhenyu Jiang  
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1EWfQQrLi4uHaWhTD2dSuHGTVotiNL3sT/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=112325389102986733865&rtpof=true&sd=true)

### Spring 2021
``[2021.05.06]``  
**Robustness via Cross-Domain Ensembles**  
Teresa Yeo\*, Oğuzhan Fatih Kar\*, Amir Zamir  
arXiv 2021  
Presenter: Jeffrey Zhang  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.10919)
[[Project]](https://crossdomain-ensembles.epfl.ch/)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XXjQtAUUXu7EhL88fOMLgz6-YcEb-Pux/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.04.29]``  
**Robust Policies via Mid-Level Visual Representations: An Experimental Study in Manipulation and Navigation**  
Bryan Chen\*, Alexander Sax\*, Gene Lewis, Iro Armeni, Silvio Savarese, Amir Zamir, Jitendra Malik, Lerrel Pinto  
CoRL 2020  
Presenter: Soroush Nasiriany  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2011.06698)
[[Project]](http://midlevel.berkeley.edu/)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Yob8fzXoNC-TKDoJlUj7nPbJn742kGBA/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.04.22]``  
**Learning Generalizable Robotic Reward Functions from "In-The-Wild" Human Videos**  
Annie S. Chen, Suraj Nair, Chelsea Finn  
arXiv 2021  
Presenter: Sagnik Majumder  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.16817)
[[Project]](https://sites.google.com/view/dvd-human-videos)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1a-5JR_ZFTno6D3w1PYr48vmvCHngyiCK/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.04.15]``  
**3D Shape Reconstruction from Vision and Touch**  
Edward J. Smith, Roberto Calandra, Adriana Romero, Georgia Gkioxari, David Meger, Jitendra Malik, Michal Drozdzal  
NeurIPS 2020  
Presenter: Priyanka Mandikal  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.03778)
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1vvHX_D_NT6NSNwcdskG9uVBejZjn-o4YmNh1b5zpjEg/edit?usp=sharing)

``[2021.04.08]``  
**Unsupervised Monocular Depth Learning in Dynamic Scenes**  
Hanhan Li, Ariel Gordon, Hang Zhao, Vincent Casser, Anelia Angelova  
CoRL 2020  
Presenter: Amanda Adkins  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.16404)
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1svVEFZ2STZvZjcFR4ncD6Rxa-jDiDW2ADUugUPvWAd4/edit)

``[2021.04.01]``  
**Replacing Rewards with Examples: Example-Based Policy Search via Recursive Classification**  
Benjamin Eysenbach, Sergey Levine, Ruslan Salakhutdinov  
arXiv 2021  
Presenter: Dian Chen  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.12656)
[[Project]](https://ben-eysenbach.github.io/rce/)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jCK0TEy2K27SHDQcRupw9c9LijGjOqFt/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.03.25]``  
**Point Transformer**  
Hengshuang Zhao, Li Jiang, Jiaya Jia, Philip Torr, Vladlen Koltun  
arXiv 2020  
Presenter: Zhenyu Jiang  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2012.09164)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FwjiJc7KJUo1g2w46kApfFV5mTUly4Bv/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.03.11]``  
**Stein Variational Model Predictive Control**  
Alexander Lambert, Adam Fishman, Dieter Fox, Byron Boots, Fabio Ramos  
CoRL 2020  
Presenter: Mingyo Seo  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2011.07641)
[[Video]](https://youtu.be/kGDO2e_qiyI)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1s0kmxV7mPiYwdV4XaAF64V77kcCoV0P2/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.03.04]``  
**Semantic Visual Navigation by Watching YouTube Videos**  
Matthew Chang, Arjun Gupta, Saurabh Gupta   
NeurIPS 2020  
Presenter: Jerry Lin  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.10034)
[[Project]](https://matthewchang.github.io/value-learning-from-videos/)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1CKz3bWsx3_zziH8lYVMBJ6D6nqGscKeo/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.02.25]``  
**Parrot: Data-Driven Behavioral Priors for Reinforcement Learning**  
Avi Singh\*, Huihan Liu\*, Gaoyue Zhou, Albert Yu, Nicholas Rhinehart, Sergey Levine   
ICLR 2021  
Presenter: Mohan Kumar Sriram  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2011.10024)
[[Project]](https://sites.google.com/view/parrot-rl)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1kw-GVTWV0pg5WEtfE6KPkUn7zttHnNMB/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.02.11]``  
**Constructing Symbolic Representations for High-Level Planning**  
George Konidaris, Leslie Pack Kaelbling, Tomás Lozano-Pérez   
AAAI 2014  
Presenter: Yifeng Zhu  
[[Paper]](https://users.cs.duke.edu/~gdk/pubs/orig_sym_aaai.pdf)
[[Video]](https://youtu.be/lY4PKBqp9ZM)
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1r9_izCVJbCKBS1a8MHetweFH0FfWED3MTLn7UY2Lz0M/edit?usp=sharing)

``[2021.02.04]``  
**Where2Act: From Pixels to Actions for Articulated 3D Objects**  
Kaichun Mo, Leonidas Guibas, Mustafa Mukadam, Abhinav Gupta, Shubham Tulsiani   
arXiv 2021  
Presenter: Zhenyu Jiang  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.02692)
[[Project]](https://cs.stanford.edu/~kaichun/where2act/)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1AEaS24hwPnYxfiVqHQRv1TbYyg_qTo7G/view?usp=sharing)

``[2021.01.28]``  
**RL-CycleGAN: Reinforcement Learning Aware Simulation-To-Real**  
Kanishka Rao, Chris Harris, Alex Irpan, Sergey Levine, Julian Ibarz, Mohi Khansari  
CVPR 2020  
Presenter: Soroush Nasiriany  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.09001)
[[Video]](https://youtu.be/uL9ni2tpZnU)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1UcYf10ZUYRvAYA7wAUXawpuU96iyA-ap/view?usp=sharing)

### Fall 2020
``[2020.12.03]``  
**NeRF: Representing Scenes as Neural Radiance Fields for View Synthesis**  
Ben Mildenhall\*, Pratul P. Srinivasan\*, Matthew Tancik\*, Jonathan T. Barron, Ravi Ramamoorthi, Ren Ng  
ECCV 2020  
Presenter: Zhenyu Jiang  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.08934)
[[Project]](https://www.matthewtancik.com/nerf)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ozPVbhBSsMhFq6_9-oDf_njmp1m0JKvt/view?usp=sharing)

``[2020.11.19]``  
**Learning Invariant Representations for Reinforcement Learning without Reconstruction**  
Amy Zhang\*, Rowan McAllister\*, Roberto Calandra, Yarin Gal, Sergey Levine  
ICLR 2021  
Presenter: Jerry Lin  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.10742)
[[Project]](https://sites.google.com/view/deepbisim4control)

``[2020.11.12]``  
**Accelerating Reinforcement Learning with Learned Skill Priors**  
Karl Pertsch, Youngwoon Lee, Joseph J. Lim  
CoRL 2020  
Presenter: Soroush Nasiriany  
[[Paper]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.11944)
[[Project]](https://clvrai.github.io/spirl/)
[[Slides]](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lsEa7M3EWZBh0RLZkEFCCdlyx281NHRSjNys37qB7PM/edit?usp=sharing)

``[2020.11.05]``  
**Learning an Optimal Sampling Distribution for Efficient Motion Planning**  
Richard Cheng, Krishna Shankar, Joel W. Burdick  
IROS 2020  
Presenter: Mingyo Seo  
[[Paper]](http://ras.papercept.net/images/temp/IROS/files/1807.pdf)
[[Slides]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FUtA_GM6vTdnqZfEwHkqTwoMmnITp-iP/view?usp=sharing)
